Democratic Jianguo
You can show it to grandma today.
Our family Yaozu
How did you get on the Olympic shortlist?
Hello let you know
You raised this trash who only knows how to cook
That's a shameless loser
In addition to wasting money, it is only a waste of air
It's useless.
It's not like our medicine team
That can be Guangyaomen coal
Changing the future of our old neighborhood
That's right, my son needs to pack 200kg with ease
Do you know what 200 kilograms is?
The weight of 4 bags of cement
In front of our medicinal wine
It's like grasping cotton with your bare hands.
200 kilograms of medicinal wine is too good
Disabled since the founding of the country
Our Chenjiacun
Never again has there been such a sports genius
The Lord is really young and promising
Lord, you really deserve your name.
So young to have this kind of ability
Oops, there is so much power
You're a child prodigy reincarnated
Come and revitalize our Linjia Village
Yes, yes, yes, understand?
Did you hear that?
This is the gap between me and you.
I told you so.
I am the Nine Heavens True Dragon
Just a stink in a cesspool
What are you comparing to me?
Dad, trust me
I am better than Lin Yaozu
I'm bragging, who wouldn't?
You don't really think
If you eat more, you can become a Hercules, right?
According to you
Those meals
Can every barrel win the world championship?
Hahaha
Oops, son, what are you arguing with a trash?
Your identity in vain
You'd better show it to everyone quickly
Your heroic appearance on the field
Germany takes out the phone
It's time to take a photo
Is it time to record?
Take a good look
Study hard for me.